Better password storage (#1753)
Mailu/Mailu: docs/configuration.rst

Advanced settings
-----------------

> The ``CREDENTIAL_ROUNDS`` (default: 12) is the number of rounds used by the password hashing scheme. You should use the default value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``CREDENTIAL_ROUNDS`` (default: 12) is the number of rounds used by the password hashing scheme. The number of rounds can be reduced in case faster authentication is needed or increased when more paranoid hashes are desired.
It normally shouldn't be changed, as the default value is explicitly chosen to be secure while still being fast enough on most systems.
```

I think this should be a little more expressive considering we discussed this very value in matrix :)

Author: That's f67c9a9
